Fix grammar (#2078)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/launchplans.rst

.. _divedeep-launchplans:
  
Launch plans
=============
Launch plans help execute workflows. A workflow can be associated with multiple launch plans, but an individual launch plan is always associated with a single, specific workflow. 

> Every workflow comes with a `default` launch plan. While creating a new workflow, this default launch plan is authored (in code). The default launch plan has the same name as that of the workflow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every workflow comes with a `default` launch plan that has the same name as that of the workflow. The default launch plan is authored (in code) as part of creating a new workflow.
```

.. note::
   Users rarely interact with the default launch plan.

A workflow can be associated with multiple launch plans and launch plan versions.
A workflow version can be associated with multiple launch plans and their versions under different names.

> The above two statements can be combined to state that a worflow version can have multiple schedules associated with it, as long as these schedules exists as versions under different launch plan names.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this.

Suppose we have ``Workflow A`` in ``version 1``, ``LaunchPlans`` ``A`` and ``B`` in ``version 1``, and ``LaunchPlan`` ``C`` in ``version 2``, then:

1. ``Workflow A`` can be associated with ``LaunchPlan A`` (version 1);

> 2. ``Workflow A`` can be associated with ``LaunchPlan B`` (different launch plan name with same version);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. ``Workflow A`` can be associated with ``LaunchPlan B`` (different launch plan name; version 1);
```

> 3. ``Workflow A`` can be associated with ``LaunchPlan C`` (different launch plan name and version).

Reviewer: @SmritiSatyanV, can we have this in a separate section, titled "The Association between Workflows and LaunchPlans"?

> 3. ``Workflow A`` can be associated with ``LaunchPlan C`` (different launch plan name and version).

Reviewer: @SmritiSatyanV, can we have this in a separate section, titled "The Association between Workflows and LaunchPlans"?

Reviewer: @kumare3 can the same launch plan have different versions, say, WF.v1 -> LP1.v1, WF.v1 -> LP1.v2, is this valid?

Reviewer: Can we have launch plan B with version 2 instead of launch plan C? That should be clearer than the current way of writing it.

> 

Reviewer: @SmritiSatyanV, can you add "A launch plan version can only ever be mapped to one WF version; meaning a launch plan version cannot be used twice. This is because part of what makes a new launch plan version is the mapping to the specific workflow version".

> After creating a launch plan, it is easy to share and execute them.

Reviewer: Can this be moved to the intro paragraph?

See `here <https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1xtG7lyk3es2S42pNnh5OGXW59jvnRIyPXCrdjPJm-3c/edit?usp=sharing>`__ for an overview.

> What do launch plans provide?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What Do Launch Plans Provide?
```
